what's going on guys blinkfro here and
unfortunately I'm gonna have to
voiceover this game because like a fool
I wasn't recording my voice at all the
entire game so I basically was talking
to myself for good 40 minutes 30 minutes
but yeah we beat the 76 ears 95 77 and
now we're facing the Thunder so here we
go as always there's my stats they've
been going up because my last game add
an awesome performance so I gotta
continue the hawk Street guys right
alright so I coming to the game we're up
five nothing I get this still there and
I'm looking down the court for options
and no one's open so I give to Ginobili
for the slam dunk and guys what's a
Spurs game without Manu Ginobli taking a
3 in the very beginning of message I
mean come on it's just just naturals
what we do and here's something I love
seeing as the mean as it is I mean it's
just a video game Russell Westbrook goes
down he gets in June we're up 74 and you
just got to think there's star point
guard down their backups Nate Robinson
whose ball hog and he's just a shoe
there's half the winds right we just
have to well let's find out so here we
go my first chance with the ball I pump
fake I should've pump fake and I just
get stuff alright so here I am
showcasing my awesome defense driving
down the court looking for options no
one's open and I take the shot thinking
middle step to the side and lay it up
but what do i do I go right up the
middle and a Miss so you know how I said
Nate Robinson wasn't going to be a
threat well he just made a three and I
get the ball in hand wanted to take the
three so I step back and take that shot
I missed some other ones this right here
is pretty much the overall tone of how
this game went down we just kept turning
the ball over and then we just kept
giving him easy looks well I didn't even
bother running down
because there's nothing I can do at that
time I'm back in the game we're down by
10 and Jefferson gets the steal and I'm
just I just want the ball here and I
don't get it and this happens maybe
three or four times throughout the game
and it just gets really frustrating so
like a fool I go for another shot and i
miss as much as I wanted to take a shot
right here I didn't really have one and
i found Tiago Splitter for the easy dunk
so I mean why not here's Nate Robinson
thinking is good taking three missing
we're driving down the court I wanted
the ball there but I didn't get it so
Jefferson gives it to me so I take the
three thinking I'm gonna make it and
there we go another miss I think I'm 0
for 4 right now and just having a bad
game as you can see the Thunder have the
ball and this is also pretty much how
the game win the thunders kept making
threes you wouldn't think the Thunder
would come out here and just shooting
lights out from Three's what they did
and just like the Thunder in real life
they blocked almost everything we're
putting up down by the basket between
Ibaka and Perkins we just couldn't get
anything like an open shot down man
here's another good joke Robinson mrs.
it Ginobli gets the rebound tosses it to
me down the court and I go for the layup
and this again so I'm just having really
bad luck all right so the clock is
running down I want to end the half on a
positive note and I decided to go for
the spin there and as you can see Durant
just magically pop since frenemies and I
get a charging foul so whatever it's at
least when I come into the game here I
can do something positive and get
another assist so that's pretty much all
I'm worth rebounding in assists so here
we go guys Robinson mrs. and we get the
rebound and I'm down the court get the
ball under the basket take the pump fake
nothing happens go for the layup and I
get blocked so there we go over 6 real
quick guys tell me this how am I
supposed to defend against that that's
just a joke here we go Nate Robinson the
ball hog taking a shot and thinking we
were gonna get the rebound i started to
run back and he gets from xiii and as
you can see here he's hit four
3-pointers so far this right here
happens just a little bit after that
last clip Ginobili was trying to be a
hero he misses the shot Thunder driving
down the court I go for the skill and I
guess Parker thinks I'm defending Nate
Robinson but I wasn't and he gets the
easy three what is going on ready to see
another 3-pointer look at that fadeaway
three I didn't think he was going to
take it or even make it and he does and
the Thunder just hitting every single
through they take as you can see I'm
pretty frustrated at this point in the
game all I want to do is put some points
up on the board and look at that path I
can't do anything inside so here we go
now there is just you guys feel it cuz I
can feel it two on one I get the ball
take the jumper and another miss
probably the best look I had all game
and I'm just getting more and more
frustrated with this game here's another
clip that just kept adding to my
frustration look at that I just get the
ball stolen what can I do at this point
in going pretty much lost and with shots
like that we're never so come back here
we go an open look can I actually make a
shot yes look at that two points I'm 149
and I'm just so happy right now and look
at that I try to go for the steal and I
don't get it so as you can see there's
barely any time left in the game and I'm
pumped I'm ready to make another shot
score four points and what happens we
call a timeout alright no big deal we
need a timeout maybe I can get a shot
here
they're gonna talk strategy or perhaps
and I get subbed out that's the game we
lose look at this we lose 92 66 come on
now you know they really had your number
up there tonight it wasn't even close
what happened it was an awful
performance all around we got beat at
every position but mine hopefully next
game the team shows up a lot more
focused than tonight I'm not good at
handling games like tonight we gotta
move on man got I gotta disagree with
what my god just said we just got beat
senseless everywhere every single
position including mine alright so that
was my game sorry for not recording live
audio like live voice but next time I'll
remember and just to say it again we
lost 92 66 what a joke so I mean all I
can say is thanks for watching this even
though it was really bad and tune in
next time I'm going to try my hardest to
redeem myself and come over the win
thanks guys